well Israeli forces have killed a young
Palestinian near off a prison in the
occupied West Bank a number of other
Palestinians were injured during a
fighting in the town of aunia in the
early hours of Thursday morning earlier
a man was shot in the foot by Israeli
forces before the release of prisoners
from offer the Palestinian prisoner
Society say that Israeli forces and
sellers have killed at least 245
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
since October the 7th and let's get more
on this now from Zen bzra joined from
rala in the occupied West Bank Zan what
more do you
have well what we can confirm is that in
the last 24 hours so far this morning 45
more Palestinians new detainees are now
in Israeli custody from raids that have
been ongoing overnight throughout the
occupied West Bank mostly during raids
in Bido in the occupied West Bank near
Jerusalem and we are expecting those
numbers to perhaps rise in the coming
hours because there are raids ongoing in
in tubas in Jericho as well as Bethlehem
but the flash point at the moment is
tarim the city and the camp there is a
heavy military presence Israeli forces
on the ground with uh sech dogs going
from house to house drones flying low
over the city and over the camp it
really sounds very similar to the raids
we saw in Janine yesterday that resulted
in several deaths were heavy-handed and
lasted for hours tarim now seems to be
uh the next Target of Israeli forces
here in the occupied West Bank this will
no doubt be a major issue that is raised
by Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas
during uh his meeting which is expected
later today as part of a visit with uh
Anthony blinkin the US Secretary of
State now the American uh government the
White House blinkin himself they've been
looking to Muhammad abbas's government
to the Palestinian Authority as a
potential uh governing body for Gaza in
a post-war Gaza but the fact of the
matter is that the trust of the pal inan
people in Mahmud Abbas and his
government the trust of the people The
credibility of his government have all
been under question well before the War
Began those poll numbers have fallen
through the floor in recent weeks so how
much credibility they bring to the table
going forward remains a question mark
but no doubt it will be a topic of
discussion during his meetings later
today expected around 11:30 GMT 1:30
local time all right Z back with you for
that and and much more asides I imagine
as zus RI thanks a lot thank you